Refactor to composite action (#2)
tighten/phpreleases-action: README.md

# PHP Releases Action

> Generates an array of supported PHP releases for use within a GitHub Actions matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tired of manually keeping your GitHub actions workflow up to date with the PHP support schedule?  Use this action to generate an array of supported PHP versions for a GitHub Actions matrix. 

By default, this action uses the [PHP Releases API](https://phpreleases.com/) to retrieve the  PHP versions that are currently supported and formats them for a GitHub Actions matrix. Additional versions can be added to the matrix utilizing the `with` parameter. 
```

> ## Usage
> Within your workflow `jobs` block, add the following job _before_ your matrix job:
> ```yaml
>   output_releases:
>     name: Generate PHP Releases Array
>     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
>     steps:
>       - name: Fetch Current Releases
>         uses: tighten/phpreleases-action@v1
>         id: releases
> ```

Reviewer: I've seen usage details in other docs for actions so I'm suggesting we move them to match.

```suggestion
## Usage
```yaml
  # This job will need to run before the job that defines the matrix.
  output_releases:
    name: Generate PHP Releases Array
	  # Requires a machine that can execute bash and make http requests.
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Fetch Current Releases
        uses: tighten/phpreleases-action@v1
        id: releases
```
```

> If you need to add specific versions to the matrix statically (to ensure they're included regardless of current support), add them as a comma separated list with the `releases` key:
> ```yaml
>   output_releases:
>     name: Generate PHP Releases Array
>     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
>     steps:
>       - name: Fetch Current Releases
>         uses: tighten/phpreleases-action@v1
>         id: releases
>         with:
>           releases: '7.4, 7.3'
> ```

Reviewer: Similar to above about inlining the usage details. This is just an opinion but I think finishing the usage details before going into an outlier would be better.

```suggestion
 ### Create a matrix from the return value
```yaml
  current_php_releases:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    # The matrix cannot be built before the job has finished.
    needs: output_releases
    strategy:
      matrix:
        # GitHub Actions expression to get the return value.
        php: ${{ fromJSON(needs.output_releases.outputs.range) }}
    name: PHP ${{ matrix.php }}
```

### Add PHP versions that are not included by default

```yaml
  # This job will need to run before the job that defines the matrix.
  output_releases:
    name: Generate PHP Releases Array
	  # Requires a machine that can execute bash and make http requests.
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Fetch Current Releases
        uses: tighten/phpreleases-action@v1
        id: releases
        with:
          # Comma delimited string of all versions that should be included in the matrix.
          releases: '7.4, 7.3'
```
```

A full sample is available in this repo's [.github/workflows directory](https://github.com/tighten/phpreleases-action/blob/main/.github/workflows/main.yml).

Then, refer to the `output_releases` job's output in the `php` line of your matrix strategy, like below:
```yaml
  strategy:
    matrix:
      php: ${{ fromJSON(needs.output_releases.outputs.range) }}
```

> You can implement additional matrix values (os or laravel versions, for example), as well as include/exclude combinations [as you normally would with a matrix](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs).
> 

Reviewer: I copied over our RAM entry example to include as a visual representation of what you were saying.

```suggestion
## Example
```yaml
name: Run Tests

on:
  push:
    branches: [ main ]
  pull_request:

jobs:
  output_releases:
    name: Generate PHP Releases Array
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Fetch Current Releases
        uses: tighten/phpreleases-action@v1
        id: releases
        with:
          releases: '7.4'
  tests:
    needs: output_releases
    strategy:
      matrix:
        os: [Ubuntu, Windows, macOS]
        php: ${{ fromJSON(needs.output_releases.outputs.range) }}

        include:
        - os: Ubuntu
          os-version: ubuntu-latest

        - os: Windows
          os-version: windows-latest

        - os: macOS
          os-version: macos-latest

    name: ${{ matrix.os }} - PHP ${{ matrix.php }}

    runs-on: ${{ matrix.os-version }}

    steps:
    - name: Checkout code
      uses: actions/checkout@v1

    - name: Setup PHP
      uses: shivammathur/setup-php@v2
      with:
          php-version: ${{ matrix.php }}
          extensions: posix, dom, curl, libxml, mbstring, zip, pcntl, bcmath, soap, intl, gd, exif, iconv, imagick
```

```

> ## Issues
> If you encounter any issues in the implementation of this workflow, or have feature ideas, feel free to [open a github issue](https://github.com/tighten/phpreleases-action/issues/new).
> 
> Thanks for using the PHP releases github action!

Reviewer: Just some capitalization and rewording options.

```suggestion
## Issues
If you need to report an issue or a feature idea, let us know by [opening a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/tighten/phpreleases-action/issues/new).

Thanks for using the PHP releases GitHub Action!
```
